http://www.javaeye.com/rss/news tech
#http://www.reddit.com/r/archlinux/.rss tech
http://feed.williamlong.info/ tech
http://lilydjwg.is-programmer.com/posts.rss tech
http://eller86.hatenablog.jp/feed tech
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ruanyifeng tech
#https://faq.i3wm.org/feeds/rss/ tech i3wm

#http://www.reddit.com/r/vim/.rss tech vim
http://feeds.feedburner.com/usevim tech vim

#http://emacsredux.com/atom.xml tech emacs
#http://endlessparentheses.com/atom.xml tech emacs
#http://www.reddit.com/r/emacs/.rss tech emacs
#http://planet.emacsen.org/atom.xml tech emacs
#http://feeds.feedburner.com/sachac tech emacs
#http://feeds.feedburner.com/XahsEmacsBlog tech emacs

#http://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ tech news
https://www.gitlab.com/atom.xml tech news
#http://feeds.feedburner.com/ContinuousBlog?format=xml tech news
#http://feeds.feedburner.com/JenkinsPluginReleases?format=xml tech news
http://www.chinagfw.org/feeds/posts/default tech news
http://www.daemonology.net/hn-daily/index.rss tech news
#http://us.v2ex.com/feed/shadowsocks.xml tech news
http://www.v2ex.com/index.xml tech news
http://vdaily.sinaapp.com/weekly.xml tech news
http://slackhq.com/rss tech news slack

http://onehd.herokuapp.com/ fun
#http://www.zhihu.com/rss fun
#http://www.quora.com/rss fun
http://www.comicsyndicate.org/Feed/Dilbert fun
http://elblogdejoancornella.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default fun
#http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/.rss fun

#http://www.lifehack.org/feed/ life

http://hongzhang0823.wix.com/ielts7/feed.xml learn

http://hdwo.net/feed movie

"query:Starred Articles:flags # \"S\""
